I know, but it gives me a different menu when I'm sharing the screen. We'll come to that in a minute anyway, captions and Beautiful transcript.
And now I'm going to release the screen. Oh yeah. Okay. So, Renu, can you tell us?
Exactly what you did. So, what is a good time to start from?
And again, rate like I have read this to put the transcript here like put these into the new discussion.
So I went there.
Yes.
So I try to create the discussion as my good having closed so I created the new discussion. In the general category.
No, was it so? What when was it 1st closed? Today? Right, okay.
It's a today today. Today morning I tried to post the like.
So, so you went to GitHub to post this into the discussion. And it, and Yes.
Of the 70 climate repository.
And. You got that screen, is that right?
Yes. Currently it is not showing the new button, new discussion, open new discussion. But.
Okay.
No, but but let's try and take this. Step by step. So you took the you took a piece of text, right, which is quite large.
Hmm.
No, I not taken the sort of quite large text I have copied all the text in the transfer that so maybe that also
Yeah copied the text in the transcript, right?
Hmm. So this was the, this unit. I'll show you the. It takes to formatted session.
Sorry.
You took this text, right? Okay. So it's a text file.
So this was the test. So I, This call I copied. Hmm.
And. You posted that. Into an existing GitHub discussion or a new discussion.
No, it's new discussion. It's a discussion slash 12 number discussion.
You open?
So be very, very clear. You opened a new discussion, is that right?
Yes.
What was it called?
So I give the title session one. Underscore 11 June underscore for formatted transcript.
Brian?
That was a title and then in this. Body part like whatever it is called and then lower substance sections.
Yeah. Okay.
I base the whole. Translate text. And submitted it.
Right. Hey, you submitted it and immediately you got the screen. Is that right?
Alright, so let's be very clear about this. You took a piece of text. Which was, a text file.
Okay, yes.
Which we had, created together. As a community, you posted it into a new discussion on GitHub and immediately, your account was suspended.
Yes.
Hmm. They got this messes. What was that? This mass is account suspended.
Is that right?
Access to your account has been suspended due to violation of our terms of services. So I. Then I click on the contact support.
Well.
Okay. Right.
And So it will give me the So. Then sign up, Okay. I did that. Shows me like this so I have not tried to do here and then I found, from the internet, or try to do here.
Yes.
Right?
And then I found from the internet, the support dot email, like from chat, GPT, I got Okay.
I got to support support at the rate github.com. So there.
Yes. And when did you mail them?
It's not there. Just a minute. I mailed today morning.
Yes. Okay, you've done exactly right. What I would say is, The. Clear and more structured your mail to them is.
You know, the, the more, likely, they are to reply and so on.
Okay. So 1st of all, at my. Simpy, right? It's traumatic when something like this happens.
Okay.
You're behaving responsibly. And you are accused of malpractice. And I don't believe that you could possibly have done anything which merits.
Hmm.
Malpractice. I'm going to hypothesize now. The possible hypotheses are A that they thought this was serious copyright violation.
There is no, there is no copyright violation because it's actually, my speech and unless They have actually felt that it was inappropriate for you to publish this.
Yes.
Which is possible. Then, Then, I don't think it's copyright very nice.
Hmm. Yes.
We did not quote anybody in this. There is nothing where they can say you have violated, Disney's copyright or whomever it might be.
So, the second possibility is it contains dialogue. Which is unacceptable to, the GitHub principles.
Hmm.
Now, we have not discussed anything, I believe, which is inappropriate. We should Look through.
And one of the difficult things, where machines fail, is that if you are talking about something, then the machine may mistake it.
So if it's reported dialogue. Then you know it is possible, that it's not regarded as reported dialogue but as actual dialogue.
So if I. For example, quote somebody. As coming up with something which is.
Unacceptable for all sorts of reasons whether it might be hate speech or sexual inappropriateness or whatever, then It's.
And this is frequent. This is one reason why automated filters are a very bad idea.
Because people cannot design automatic filters which are as good as humans, right? So it's possible that something in the content upset them.
Copyright or inappropriate content. The 3rd is that it might violate some practice which was not allowed so it could be that it was too big or it was too frequent.
Or that there was an intention. To. An intention to, in some way.
Cause problems, to the site. So, you know, might be seen as a denial of service attack or something of that sort.
So all of these are possibilities. Too big, too frequent. something of that sort.
Then it's a possibility that your email has been confused with somebody else. Right. Okay.
Do you have more than one GitHub account?
No, I have only one but I created another one today.
Right. Okay. That's And what did they do about that? Hey, Is that, where you.
That this happens. Hmm.
Okay, so another invite is with the semantic climate and one is with my, personal account like the email account.
Right, so you've got a personal one. Have you had any response from GitHub on that?
And I think.
Yes, on the 1st one, the personal one, which I was using earlier. So they have send me the ticket ID for the complaint ticket number.
Oh, you've got a ticket number. Okay, can you show us this ticket number?
Yes.
Yes, I can share it.
So. Yeah, and share the screen.
Yeah.
Hmm. Good. So they have given me some ticket number this.
Okay
Right, it may be worth
Yes, it It may, now 1st will renew. I think you should not do any of this because you don't want to be.
Cut off github again and you don't want the automated system to think that you know you are in some way an irresponsible user right okay I'm also a little bit,
Hmm.
Reluctant to do it myself because All of our code is in my repositories. And if they ban me.
And the website is also we are running the semantic climate website whatever we are updating it through the
Then we've got
Yes. So.
Have they have they banned the semantic climate site then?
No.
They band, flower, whatever, but not semantic climate, right?
There's, there's no data ID for the semantic climate. I think the website, yes.
There isn't. Okay, fine. Right. Okay.
Right.
So you'll see that I am. 1st of all, I'm not panicking, right?
Hmm.
Second day I'm giving you reassurance.
Right, so you've done nothing wrong. you may have,
Overstep something. Without. You know, totally accidentally or it may be that they're software, has inappropriateately banned you.
So now what the other people will do with the are they going to do this? Both the sense, other things like similar to our what should they avoid.
To profit not facing the situations again.
Well. 1st of all,
So I'm thinking. I will ask my associates about this because they will know this, right?
And. We have.
We should be careful what we post to GitHub. Because we don't want to get cut off.
Hmm.
My guess is that this is a that this is related to your account rather than the content. But, let me read to the content quickly.
Is the content on Slack?
Hmm.
Yes.
Right, okay. So,
Let me go to our slack. This is, you know, absolutely. Textbook illustration as to why knowledge.
Thank you.
And Management by Closed or but, so is it in coordination, is that right?
So maybe copyright issue. Copyright issue may be there
Yes.
Right.
Is it this one? Yeah, I will share your screen.
You can share the screen.
Hmm.
Okay, so is it this one?
Yes, this one. This article is.
Sorry. This one here. Right. Okay, so.
Celebrate the. Yes.
I think I have no option but to have to no, but I'm going to read it here.
You can download this.
Now
Hmm.
Right, this isn't today's monologue, it's yesterday's, is that right?
It's from the 11.th
I'm near them, okay, right.
The day before.
Right. That's the complete thing. 71 lines, is that right?
Yes.
Oh, it's just truncated for display.
No, it's the same links, okay. Okay. So. Reno, I can't see anything in that which would trigger some violation of the guidelines.
Hmm.
I am.
I
I'm trying to get through my mind as to why somebody's account would be closed. And.
Another one is. And. National security. So if You are from.
The certain countries which are called the axis of evil by the united states and they are Iran, North Korea, Cuba and some where else I forget.
If you are from any of those places, then, If you post things, they may be seen as of, a violation.
A violation of security. These countries are not allowed to use US software, for example. But I don't think there's anything in that.
Hmm.
And I don't think you're, you know, you're likely to be,
Identified. As.
So I have to write it in a descriptive email to them. What is step by step? So what I wanted to do and what I did and what I got it.
Yes. Yes. Yes. Absolutely.
Yes. You don't need to take more than a line or 2 about it. Just we will do this together.
That is the reason. Yeah, yeah, I'll do this.
Hmm.
So, okay, let's, let's dictate this. at the moment.
So
I am manager of a community projects run between the yeah k and india make that india and uk where we collect How public knowledge and make it semantic.
We use GitHub both for our code. And for don't.
Our documents are created by us. And we will How, these under a.
Okay, under an open license, allowing, a redistribution, there is no known copyright violation in what we do.
We do not include, any, unacceptable language such as No, start again.
I am project manager of a, India, UK. Collaboration on software development.
And documents. We use GitHub to manage our code. And our documents and we have
Over 50 users, over a hundred users. Who have been using GitHub for many years.
Most of us at least 4. Just for many years. We always
Today, give the date and time where you can. We uploaded a document, of our own creation to get hub discussions.
And were met with I. Notice in forming us that we had been. That the account had been suspended.
We Do not believe we have violated any terms and conditions of GitHub. And we asked to be.
Reconnected immediately. And to be. Assured that this will not happen again.
I think that's probably good enough. Okay. Draft it out. And,
Yes.
Hmm.
Yeah, draft it out and then come to me and I will also sign it.
Okay. Okay. Hmm.
Good. Have you mailed their support?
You've got you've got a ticket. What did you put on your ticket?
We had just. Yes.
I have to reinstate the word was there in the.
Okay, Yes. Hmm. Yes, we are that we I am Renu Kumari and this my account has been suspended today.
You ask for reinstatement. That's good. Was it just a single sentence?
Yep. That's an excellent message, right? Excellent. Okay, I would probably, since you've said that and it's very clear.
So please reinstate this account. That's the.
Yes.
And you might have been, suspended for some other reason. We don't know.
So it's, it's probably not a good idea. To send anything more. On that ticket.
Hmm.
Yes, because, I send, another email that, another account I created and then, Maybe it is capturing our IP address or whatever it is the same browser.
So, do you mean saying that this is a duplicate, complaint?
Right. Right, so you've. So this will probably, the ticket will only be with one account, I would think.
So they are not raised any other ticket.
Yes, one account.
Is it with the, is it with the flower account?
Yes, this is for the flower. But I don't know how they capture the same information.
Okay, continue on that. We'll see what happens.
Yeah, maybe we'll wait for a 1 day and then after that time. Hmm.
I think you've got to wait. they do say that they are, understaffed at the moment.
Hmm.
We will wait and then reply more from on Monday. Maybe I'll do Monday with reference to the ticket.
I think that's that's a good idea. Now, Is this somebody here?
Okay.
So I've said why I don't want to do it. Could somebody else volunteer, to post this to a discussion and see whether it's the content that is the problem or whether it's the use as the problem.
So their account is, if they're account, So how they are going to handle it.
No, what I mean is flower has been suspended and your prior, your other accounts has been suspended.
Account also. The Renu Kumari, 24 I created the new, user account with the semantic climate.
Right, okay. So. We're really looking for a volunteer.
Gmail.com.
To carry this out. I'm also thinking about whether we should move this. Oh,
We should wait. I think we should wait and then because other accounts will be seized again and then. They have to replace the problem.
Because we are working on the Yeah.
Yes. We may need to move to get,
We may need to move to get lab. Gitlab is much smaller, but it is, And.
It's open.
Hmm. So, so, IS, GitHub is not open.
It's run by, a Mega Corporation.
Hi, I thought it is open. Okay.
No, the contents are Open. But not this software and not the control.
Hmm. Hmm.
Okay. Okay, then we can move on.
So that's us. So I think we might have to.
So I'm going to share my screen. Am I sharing my screen? Right, so.
Yes, yes.
Who's Kitlab?
Peter we have to leave by the 1530. Because
I think this is completely screwed everything today. 15, we're coming up.
Yeah.
We've got a few more, minutes. I was Oh, oh and I haven't I haven't shown the blue right greetings, Well done.
Okay.
It's just Nithika's birthday today.
Yes, so we are going to cut the case. Yeah. Yes. Yes.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
Yeah.
So that There is my. Can you see the blue? Celebration.
Hey, D.
Thank you.
Okay.
There you go. Hello. Yes.
So you're already having the
No, I've been completely thrown by this.
Yeah, no, I wouldn't want this to happen today.
Okay. No worries.
I may need to, I may need to go for a walk. What time actually going to do now is I'm going to
Well, I've got, you know, we've got to be able to use, this,
So.
I'm going to just at least test that I can.
Yeah.
No. Okay, I'm going to give. 15 min.
Talk about how we create the paper because this is actually describing this process. So, here we go, section.
Hmm.
How we created this paper. This paper consists of, Many hundreds of pages of.
Text data software and other material. It's primarily stored on the GitHub repository.
And to Right an account of it, we have used a number of free but not open tools to create it.
We have daily sessions, in. The zoom protocol in the zoom system. And we.
Capture the spoken and. Video output. In systems which transcribed this into English text. Zoom has a tool to do this.
And we also, save the results in the slack system. Which also have a transcriber.
So the 1st step. Is to record our. Audio. And where necessary video session.
And we plan to make this, open notebook available for everybody. We then, take the transcript or transcription created by the automatic system.
The and, make those available. And post those, particularly on GitHub discussions.
Which is which allows for posting and commenting by all members of the GitHub community.
We then, take that text. And convert it into a summary. Because it's it contains quite a lot of colloquialisms and, Start stops as part of the, monologue, creation process.
And we turn that into a rough. Transcript, of, the material. And then we are experimenting with summarization to turn it into a concise summary of the process using the
Open source tools such as hugging face to make a summary. Finally, we craft the Translation and summarization, there's transcription and summarization into the final PDF.
Chapter or section for the alias article that we are authoring.
That article is not a static article. It's an HTML document which can change day by day.
Both after the submission of the, alice article for PDF rendering, and, well.
Remain as a limit living document for all time. So although the PDF is a static snapshot, of the article, the crew article is a living HTML, Don't, which can be read by the whole world, which can be, commented on using whatever system it's published in, such as, at the moment.
GitHub, which allows a discussion comments. And so forth.
We will annotate. The HTML version, with our dictionaries, we will apply doc analysis to come up with the most important terms in that and to link it into entity recognition.
And we will also use our own dictionaries to annotate the text and publish those annotations as a growing work.
Which will have no fixed end date. The growing work will be strictly versioned. Because the tools we use allow and therefore it will be possible to observe what this document was at any time.
So we would see this as an extension. Of, Ranganson's final 5th law, which was that the library is a growing organism.
We would say that knowledge documents are a continuously growing And there I will finish because I'm.
Slightly. Yes, my brains being turned upside down. You are all wonderful.
Harshal isn't here, but I would like to discuss with Harshaw, his, Summarization and look at it and so on.
And I had hoped to come up with 1st pass of the sectioning. But that's not going to happen today.
Hmm.
Comments.
I think we should practice commenting on github discussions all except Renu who has been banned and see what happens.
So.
Hmm.
To So, can someone attempt to post a publication, a comment on this system.
And see if you get banned. For doing it. I know it's, wasteful, but we're going to have to experiment and see.
At what the extent is.
Maybe they have to open the new account in which they have no other. The . And Because I did the for the same.
Yes, that's a that's a that's a a good idea to do it.
Also, I looked up if GitHub allows multiple accounts. So.
With the same email ID.
No, on the same machine because I think it remembers the machine and not the email. Because
I, that may well be true.
Okay. Yes Okay.
So yeah, it has been mentioned in some places that. More than 1 3 accounts are not allowed by data they suspend if you create more accounts.
So that's also a thing.
That's a very good point. So don't create any more accounts. We I would say comment on what we've got at the moment because it's just possible that it is related to Indian IP addresses or something of that sort.
In the
Hey, look at the IP address and they may decide that the IP is not acceptable.
Okay.
Hmm.
Okay. We are all wonderful, and we will see what happens.
We're going to change the world for the better. And in 10 years time, people will look back at what we have written now and said, wow.
I, by the way, I have published something that I wrote. 12 years ago, on my blog, I put it, I think in coordination, have I?
Hmm, yes, I, you have something, I have not seen it, but we'll see it.
No, it's about open access. And why open access was failing then. And you may find some of it useful.
Okay, there we go, Amy.
Okay.
W yes.
You are not have done stop recording and the process
You are quite right, Reno. So we 1st of all stop the transcript if I can find it.
SIP transcript
Where is the transcript?
Where's my transcript?
It's under all these windows.
So it was in the zoom windows.
Yes, I'm
But I'm getting where of, Windows, which might, it was a free floating window.
That was. I will.
Hmm.
You can shoot again the click on the caption button and then so full transcript it will come.
Yes, that's fine. Okay, save transcript. Good, we've got that. I do not want to move to Gitlab.
Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Okay, then stop recording.